how
Can't I talk to you? Uncle, are you crazy?
Mr. Zhou, you see it's alright
I don't usually know fools
How dare you scold me
Even if you are a guest invited by the second lady
I can change it if I want
What can he do to me?
What the hell are you laughing at?
I laugh at your ignorance
Are you finished?
Then you can leave
Stop
Is the eldest young master really Lord God?
This is at Bai's house.
I am the master and you are the master
What do you want?
You're making me unhappy
Now.
You either kneel on the ground and kowtow to Lao Tzu and beg for mercy
Then climb out by yourself
I can still let you go as an arrangement
Or leave with the gun
Young Master, is this really Lord God?
If the old man knew, it would be bullshit
This is Bai's house
Sister-in-law, have you considered it carefully?
I help you choose
It's up to you to choose.
I'm sorry if I don't choose either
I choose for you
You two come and stop
Stop everything you do